WebShare - Web Design & Application Collective
Design. Code. Collaborate.

OverviewWebShare will be its own standalone web application, accessible world-wide via connection to the internet. The very focus of this project is to bring together a community of web designers and web developers in one place, where they can share their work, and get feedback on their ideas.Web DesignersUpload your web designs online and share them with your friends and others trained within the field. Get feedback on your theme, appearance, color schemes, or anything you can think of! Like particular designs of interest and follow web designers with a style.Web DevelopersUpload your web applications and share them with your friends and others trained within the field. Get feedback on your application’s usability, accessibility, security, and other features! Like particular apps of interest, and follow web developers that are pushing the limits.StudentsUpload your web-related work online and get feedback from your professors. Get a breakdown of what it is your good at, and what you need work on. Join an academic group, and become part of a school or college, where you are now open to preview work from other students.Featured ProfilesProfessors and faculty can join WebShare as a Featured Profile, if so desired. Featured Profiles have special privileges to rate and critique their student’s work. Only featured profiles can rate work and projects on WebShare, thus when you get a rating, you can bet it’s coming from a credible source. Featured profiles activity and comments show above all other comments and activity.All In One PlaceWith technology growing so quickly, it’s more difficult to keep up with today’s web trends. With web designers and developers all uploading their works to one place, we can now learn the standards of today, and continue the push forward in this technological era. For web design firms and employers, the search for the right person for the job is now ever easier with all works in one location. Join our online community today, and start building your online resume website now!